how are boys and girls here their
fair this year and I know that in the uploaded
a video writing has not come to me
component of many problems if they
wants in these three days I will have
then I will be able to upload
regularly I will have to download
all the programs and all that but
guys today I come to tell you the
novelties that have surprised me so
that to see from career mode that I
love to play and with these
updates that will have fifa 16
it will be excellent
so let's start good as the year
past well updated the faces of the
premier league this year to those of the
bundesliga then maybe this is not
so important but for me it is something
that I like when playing watch the
faces of the real bee so to speak
do not
an ugly face after kids the tournaments
of preseason if this is something new is
like in real life it 's like the tournament
of preseason audi that go teams
like roma real madrid and bayern de
Munich and the inter or also tournaments like
those of the USA that go like the champions
from each country our tournaments
Australia
etcetera those types of preseason to the
final they will have a prize that that
prize is going
they will be added to the money they have
for the signings after guys this is
something very important now they are going to put
they will be able to train the players
this when they come in for training like the
shots to make centers the shields of
the goalkeepers and so on this is going to be
will increase the ratings of the
players will also increase the
price of the players however
when players already have a rating
very high he will go up very little but
when you can train a played
to a young promise the change is going to
notice a lot then that's going to be
excellent for our young promises
What else do we have we also have something that
I had never seen that I never heard forgiveness
it had happened to me but the injuries now
In the injuries can last a long time
let's say before how I mentioned with a
selected player last only as a
season something like this can now last
as
and how can I tell you at the end of a
season and the lesson follows the start
of the next season I never had
past always the players were
recovered
after more we have here the
locutions there are add locutions that yes
only find information in the
English phrase that will be going to
add stories to the examples teams
if chelsea signed aa zlatan
ibrahimóvic is an example then they go to
talk about zlatan ibrahimovic in the
chelsea convincing came in 2017 and
He has so many goals throughout the race
of the chase and an example like that I explain
then that too and this is very
important this always I wanted it to
will pass the free agents now what
they can sign free agents when they do not
be the window of signings that is the
window tab is let's say you can sign
the
in November I believe that they do not come not
can sign players but in
November the free agents are going to be
possible to sign
we will also be able to see the ratings
which is something that we ask there
there's a lot that before in career mode
I had it but then they removed it and
now we have that possibility of
new and also guys the loans
These loans are very good because
with me I have a young promise that I know
that I will not use much on the computer
I like to send the loan always
Send loans as a year in a year
when creating what I left but now what
we can lend for two years then
that's going to be excellent this is going to be that
the mo careers guys feel more like
a real life
so I'm very excited I do not know
of you that young promises go to
sign but I think all
young promises that I know right now have
signed by new teams and this is going
to hurt a little because always when
let's try to sign, he's going to say this
just recently arrived at the club
then you can not sign it and that's
something that will do Korean times but of
brawn that we're going to really enjoy this
games guys I hope you have them
liked this video follow me on facebook
I'm publishing every day
guys then as always have a
like subscribe and see you later